Master, didn't you say Miss Lee came to send money?
Why spend $1.5 billion to buy a bad company?
What company is that?
It's a potential gaming company.
What potential can a company that is constantly losing money have?
You know what?
The company's games that I love to play.
Will definitely cooperate.
You like to play a low-quality game.
Can you cooperate?
Is that possible?
Come on, let's take a look at that company.
Hey.
Go.
General Director Zhang, the legendary magic tower of our group has been inspected.
Now it takes a hundred million to declare.
Get General Director Zhang's approval.
Autumn rain
This fucking game.
You want a hundred million choices.
Your company's money
General Director Zhang was blown by strong winds
Of course, what about this money?
I can give
But you have to promise me one condition.
What?
The conditions are simple.
As long as you
Good service.